As we know, software is quickly becoming an integral part of human life as we see more and more automation and technical advancement. Just like we expect car to work all the time and can't afford to break or reboot unexpectedly, software industry needs to continue to learn better ways to build software. It were to become an integral part of human life and that's the motivation for this course. In this course, we're going to start with a closer look at several aspects of the SDLC process, which will be included in any of the models, from waterfall to agile and beyond. Things like, how do you understand what the users really want? How to effectively communicate the design to your colleagues? What are the best practices for deploying your solution when you're done and what approaches you should use to test your project throughout the entire process? And then once we learn about the course offered over long processes, we will learn about some of the industry and the standard methodologies. What are the pros and cons of each? You will learn enough to have meaningful conversation around the software development processes in your teams. In Week 3, you will learn about traditional software development models like waterfall, V-model, sashimi, and rational unified process. In Week 4, we'll learn about agile mindset and get an overview of some of the common agile and lean software development models. Apart from quizzes, you will also be doing two peer reviews projects where you will be using a fictional case study and you will have to identify software development models you would recommend to use and why. At the end of the course, you should be able to apply core software engineering practices at a conceptual level for any given problem. And then, also you'll be able to compare and contrast traditional agile and lean software development methodologies at a very high level. These include waterfall, rational, V-model, incremental, spiral models and an overview of agile mindset and a few agile models. You will also learn how to propose a methodology best suited for a given situation. If you're doing this course as part of the special edition then there are three additional courses that will give you a deeper understanding of the subject. So the first course is going to be the Agile Software Development. And we will start again by a deeper understanding of agile principles and methodologies, then we'll talk about how do you apply agile mindset on a software development project. We'll learn about scrum and XP. And then in the third course, we'll learn about Lean Software Development, where we will again start from what are the origins of lean? From the manufacturing that we got. We'll learn about some of the principles and then we'll learn about some of the ways to apply lean methods into software development using value stream mapping, using Kanban, design thinking, and lean start up. I'll be teaching these two courses. And finally, Kevin will be teaching Engineering Practices for Building Quality Software. In that course, we're going to be covering a variety of things that drive into quality. Making it work right is one thing, but doing it well is another. So we'll be talking a lot about things like coupling and cohesion. That is, how well your code works together, is related to a single focus, and how well different modules work together or don't, in order to make it modular. In order to be able to swap things out. We'll also be talking about things like the SOLID principles and a variety of other quality metrics of how you can look at, measure, and then act upon the quality of your software.